Display properties mapped through associationMapping for the class defined in included mapping (#907)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/brown-crabs-sniff.md

---
'@finos/legend-query': patch
---

> Display properties mapped through associationMapping for the class defined in the included mapping in query builder explorer tree. Fixes [#406](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/406)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display properties mapped through association mappings for the class defined in the included mapping in query builder explorer tree ([#406](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/406))
```
